Display Problems
================

Topics
------

-  `Problems accessing the Genome Browser or Blat <#display1>`__
-  `Error message - "Can't find organism" <#display2>`__
-  `Resetting the Genome Browser display to default
   settings <#display3>`__

--------------

`Return to FAQ Table of Contents <index.html>`__

Problems accessing the Genome Browser or Blat
---------------------------------------------

I'm having problems accessing the Genome Browser and blat server site. When I try to do a blat search, I get the message "Couldn't connect to blat1 17779. Connection refused.
                                                                                                                                                                              

The Genome Browser database has a regularly scheduled maintenance window
during the hours of 5:00-6:00 p.m. Pacific Time on Thursday afternoons.
Although we reserve one hour for this maintenance, the actual down time
is usually only a few minutes.

If you are experiencing an access problem outside of this timeframe,
send an out-of-service report to genome-www@soe.ucsc.edu When reporting
a problem with either our website or a link on one of our web pages,
please provide us with specific information to help expedite a
resolution (e.g. an exact web link, a specific gene, etc.). We try to
respond to problems as quickly as possible. You may want to bookmark one
of our `mirror servers <../mirror.html>`__ to avoid any interruption to
your research.

Error message - "Can't find organism"
-------------------------------------

When I try to start the Genome Browser, I get an error message that it can't find the assembly.
                                                                                               

Your browser may be defaulting to an assembly version that has been
moved to our archives. To clear this setting, open the Genome Browser
gateway page and manually select the assembly you'd like to view.

Resetting the Genome Browser display to default settings
--------------------------------------------------------

Is there an easy way to restore all the tracks to their original settings without changing them one at a time?
                                                                                                              

To return all of the browser's tracks to their default settings, click
the Genome Browser->Reset All User Settings option in the top menu bar.
**Be aware that this action will remove all custom tracks and will clear
all track filter and configuration settings that may have modified.**
